Now we take a closer look on how to build a data lake on Amazon Web Services.
So, basically, what we have to understand what is the storage option,
what does the processing option,
and the kind of the the manager or the unmanaged vendor solution order.
Like we didn't in Redshift and RDS and so forth.
So, the idea that the normal solution which is to
have storage with HDFS and processing with Spark
and and I would say here maybe you want to replace this with Hive or
with any other processing tool that you might
see like like Flink
or whatever other processing tool is available on the big data clusters.
And then, you would have to two choices
either AWS managed solution or the vendor managed.
So, Amazon gives you this AWS elastic MapReduce and it's not the map,
the Hadoop MapReduce that's like I guess it's a legacy name,
but in elastic MapReduce,
you can choose the components that you want,
and you can choose the HDFS with Spark and that would be a cluster,
and that cluster is elastic.
You can shrink it, you can grow it.
I mean you can do lots of functionality,
add software, you name it.
But also other vendors like Cloudera, Hortonworks,
and Databricks will give you also solutions to work with on the clouds on EC2 machines.
So, you can get easy planning.
In principle you just get bare-metal EC2 machines or,
they're not bare metal, but I mean just have
operating systems and you can install whatever you like on them.
The second option, which is a new way of deploying an AWS solutions,
which is actually making the storage S3 and the processing Spark.
And the third is S3 with Serverless,
and perhaps these are not the traditional ways.
This is a little bit an evolution of how things became when we went to the cloud.
So, let me introduce this one first and then we go by delta to see the rest.